[Music]
we're doing an issue on inspirational
people Oh
mr. Rogers hello neighbor beloved
children's television house it's so good
to see you again today
you hired me as an investigative
journalist I don't puff pieces 400 words
play nice mr. Rogers I'm here to
interview you it is so nice to meet you
this piece will be for an issue about
heroes do you consider yourself a hero I
insisted he read you before we agreed
and today every article we could find
okay profiling mr. Rogers on our program
I tried to look through the camera into
the eyes of a single child it's just
about the nicest person I've ever met I
just don't know if he's for real Boyd
please come on my child all these people
line up to tell you their problems that
would be an internal burden on you
sometimes we have to ask for help and
that's okay you love broken people like
me I don't think you were broken
[Music]
we need to let people know that each one
of them is precious roll sound
Daniel you said I'm set Thank You Daniel
did you just talk to the puppet please
I'm talking
[Music]